README.md, before:

## kafka proxy
written in spring boot, translate Rest API to Kafka stream

## Setup Kafka 

### Installation (Windows)

1. Go to https://kafka.apache.org/downloads and download latest version
2. Extract the zip file
3. Rename the file to simple name e.g : kafka

### Start zookeeper (Windows)

```
cd kafka
.\bin\windows\zookeeper-server-start.bat .\config\zookeeper.properties
```

### Start Kafka broker (Windows)
```
.\bin\windows\kafka-server-start.bat .\config\server.properties
```

## curl command
```
curl -X GET http://localhost:8081/api/appname
```
Sell order
```
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d '{"tokenType":"stock", "tokenName":"AAPL","orderType":0,"price":10, "quantity":60}' http://localhost:8081/api/order
```
Buy order
```
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d '{"tokenType":"stock", "tokenName":"AAPL","orderType":1,"price":10, "quantity":60}' http://localhost:8081/api/order
```
Get price list of all tokens
```
curl -X GET http://localhost:8081/price/list
```
## maven command
#### to run
./mvnw spring-boot:run
#### to install
./mvnw clean install

Commit message:

get price by token name

README.md, after:

## kafka proxy
written in spring boot, translate Rest API to Kafka stream

## Setup Kafka 

### Installation (Windows)

1. Go to https://kafka.apache.org/downloads and download latest version
2. Extract the zip file
3. Rename the file to simple name e.g : kafka

### Start zookeeper (Windows)

```
cd kafka
.\bin\windows\zookeeper-server-start.bat .\config\zookeeper.properties
```

### Start Kafka broker (Windows)
```
.\bin\windows\kafka-server-start.bat .\config\server.properties
```

## curl command
```
curl -X GET http://localhost:8081/api/appname
```
Sell order
```
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d '{"tokenType":"stock", "tokenName":"AAPL","orderType":0,"price":10, "quantity":60}' http://localhost:8081/api/order
```
Buy order
```
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d '{"tokenType":"stock", "tokenName":"AAPL","orderType":1,"price":10, "quantity":60}' http://localhost:8081/api/order
```
Get price list of all tokens
```
curl -X GET http://localhost:8081/price/list
```
Get price by rtoken name
```
curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/price/token/AAPL
```
get price by id
```
curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/price/1
```
## maven command
#### to run
./mvnw spring-boot:run
#### to install
./mvnw clean install
